This algorithm works as follows:

- Every time we explore through a series of unexplored rooms, and arrive at a room we'be
  seen before, we create a new "loop" consisting of the chain of newly explored rooms and
  the most recently visited rooms leading from the loop point back to itself.
- Loops connect to each other in an undirected graph.  To explore the entire set of rooms
  in all the loops, just do standard tree embedding.
- Any loop that has no room to itself can be deleted.

If there are n rooms, then there are at most n loops of at most n rooms each, making the
loop graph size O(n^2).  The algorithm finds the next unexplored door in a few linear
passes of this graph.  This solves the maze in O(n^3).

Solving the maze in O(n^3) time requires finding an unexplored door in linear time.  A
nasty map to make this hard looks like:


O>O>O>O>O>O>O>...
^ v v v v v v
^ O-O-O-O-O-O
^ v v v v v v
<<<<<<<<<<<<<

To get to a linear pass to find the next unexplored door, maintain closed loop paths in
each island of loops discovered so far that visit each room.  Also mark doors every time
we go through them with the door transition count.  When following a path looking for an
unexplored door, detect loops and delete them if they have no unexplored doors.  This is
done by keeping track of the door label where we started to follow the path.  A loop
exists if we see a door label greater than this number.  When we find an unexplored door,
just go through it, marking the doors with the transition counter.  Continuing until an
explored room is found, and then follow the largest door labels until we get to the
starting point.  From there, without labeling doors, follow the largest door labels around
the loop, creating path elements along the way.  At each point where we leave an island of
paths, splice in the path we're making.  Finish the final splice at the door we started
exploring through.  If we looped back onto our own island of explored rooms, we wind up
creating a single loop and splicing it into the existing path.  If we hit other islands of
explored rooms along the way, we splice them into the loop we're making and finally splice
it into the path where we started.

Deleting loops with no unexplored doors is safe because we only splice in loops at
unexplored doors, so no new unexplored doors can ever be added to the loop.  The door we
explored through will have a path to it.
